The following is my rough idea for a project that I want to work on, help me refine the whole concept, add/optimize features for ease-of-use and better overall performance and efficiency

I want to create a secure communications device using an esp32 with wifi and Bluetooth capabilities, this communications device would allows peer to peer messaging where a rotary potentiometer and a click button would act as the input modes that'll select the data(characters, numbers or special characters) from the list that can be seen on the OLED .96 inch display. The input process would be similar to the numerology calculator's process, but we need to add special smoothening algorithms for the selection process as the potentiometer can be especially finicky at its edges (sometimes the cursor just keeps on bouncing between two options and is stuck bouncing between the two), if its values change too much we need to smoothen them out and allow the user to choose only one option at a time. This selection algo should also start shifting the current cursor position (based on previous input values) such that if we are not able to reach the end, then we would stop at some place a few positions before the end, the algo would automatically move to the left/right sensing fixed values and wait 5 sec at each value until the edges are reached, this should provide software-based support for the hardware's uncertainties. 

The device is a P2P E2EE Wireless Communicator and would be called CEE-PEW (make it an acronym such that it makes sense and explains the motivations of the project to an extent)

essentially a CEE-PEW is a direct messaging device between two connected CEE-PEWs that do not need any sort of internet, they use only their own network mix o BT and wifi, all the data sent/received is end-to-end encrypted such that even if those wifi/BT signal are intercepted and received, only the correct and intended owner can read the message. It would work on a semi-duplex messaging system(although feel free to upgrade it to a duplex messaging system if that helps)

the software designed would be universally applicable, meaning that be that receiver or sender, the CEE-PEW would run the same programs, just that the program itself would switch between modes intelligently as and when needed.

it would work as follows:

1. using its own Bluetooth and wifi, it finds other CEE-PEWs and connects to them via cryptography methods like the airdrop functionality on apple devices
2. whilst any number of CEE-PEW devices can be operated, only two can link-up with each other and communicate (only direct messaging possible and no group chatting) at a time.
3. in order to connect two CEE-PEWs, that have found each other both the CEE-PEWs would have to enter the same code (similar to how party codes in discord and other games work to create a private session), after which the connection is said to have been established
4. a public key would be generated by a specific custom algo(try to use the digital sum algo utilizing the faster sum of 9 elimination approach as used in the numerology calculator), which takes into account the day, date(dd/mm/yyyy), time(24-hrs format) at which the connection was successfully established.
5. we shall then use various cryptographic algo and techniques to send/encrypt and receive/decrypt data and info.

I want to use the following in some way or the other:
1. Huffman coding / compression techniques 
2. Parity check matrix/ generator matrix concept from linear algebra and discrete mathematics
3. public key concept
4. private key concept
5. automatic error correction code (ECC) of received data via hashing (SHA-256) etc
6. standard handshaking like in airdrop, concept of device signatures to be used such that only esp32s can be connected
7. highly pipelined and parallelized operation utilizing both of the two cores on the esp32
8. smart memory management, dynamically deleting old messages sent/received after a fixed duration (like in signal) to not only provide very high privacy but to also allow prevention of memory overflow error at any point of operation
9. Use PGP, RSA, cramer-shoup, symmetric + asymmetric cryptographic implementation
10. asymmetric system to exchange a secret key, then secure communication proceeds via more efficient symmetric system using that key;
11. light-weight cryptosystems, hardware accelerated algos like the ChaCha20-Poly1305 encryption for arm CPUs
12. hash-based digital signature verification; discrete log problem, integer (prime/semi-prime) factorization and elleptic curve based public-key cryptosystem.

feel free to use these in any combination, but the algo should be bespoke whilst being on par or better with those latest available and deployed by the NSA. 

the accompanying software should be equally good and intuitive, adapting itself as per the stage of the communication process.
We need to have proper animation, emojis and other fun and interactive ways of communicating what the CEE-PEW is doing, furthermore I am heavily inspired by the encryption devices provided my Crypto AG and their designs(the actually strong ones and not the operation rubicon ones)
We need to make the process fun, interactive, transparent and informative at the same time

I found the following two esp32 libraries to be helpful:
1. https://github.com/azme10/Secure-IoT-Communication-System-with-ESP32
2. https://github.com/Diniboy1123/usqueW

I need your help to not only finalize this idea to completion, but also in setting up a project's page with the relevant prompts etc