https://amiscreant.github.io/arduino/encryption/esp32c3/dynamic_key_pair

continue executing from the previous prompt, also take into consideration this GitHub repo alongside the ones previously shared, feel free to audit them and if you find something truly exiting and innovative feel free to port/adapt it to the project;

Also, I wanted to make add/clarify a few things.
1. The communications would be full-duplex if that's supported and does not cause too much of an overhead to smoothly execute
2. let the "pairing up" process be broken into three phases where in the phase 1 is finding the other CEE-PEW (of same hardware and software signature) and subsequently showing the radar and it blip animation (submarine/aviation style) with an overall general idea of direction and distance, showing the range capabilities of the device etc. Once that's done elevate to phase 2, wherein both the devices have to enter the same thing at the same time(or within the same time period like 6 or 10 seconds, feel free to accompany the program with inverted loading animation of a horizontal bar slowly decreasing in size). Once that's done elevate to perma link 3, where session id, key and public key generation take place etc
3. This should be turing-complete and not just an FSM
4. in the tools folder, add the digital sum/root algo developed from the numerology calculator, I want something of my own to be a part of the process
5. go for curve 25516 (as you already have finalize), we do want high security and prioritize but we also want fairly high operational speed and good/smooth usability
6. try to include PGP, as that's a fascinating and extremely reliable, atleast try to include some of its unique theoretical concepts
7. calculate and show network strengths of wifi and BT based in distance etc, how well is the connection (the bar-representation system, feel free to innovate and show that information in some other method), this should be visible at all times in the system-monitor toggle mode and should also be shown in the connection phase 1, initial lock-in duration
8. show an estimated process time animation, like whilst sending, compressing, encrypting etc, such that the processes always feel intuitive and the user has some idea of what's happening
9. great idea behind the crytogram panel, keep it! add and build up to it!
10. we won't be deploying any kind of sound-based features via buzzer to it, instead we can add an RGB LED(a separate color or pattern of the colors can indicate its pairing state etc, like many sony devices and game consoles use such LEDs to smartly convey info like that of boot stage etc) with 3 separate pins for the different combinations; we want only visual intimation via either the RGB or by the OLED, or maybe by blinking the esp32's onboard LED for some sort of status info.
11. Let this RGB be separately managed and called by some other program
12. we do need mobile-phone styled status symbols (either at the top or at some other visibly accessible place/info mode) such that they are visible and do not overlap with any elements
13. PLEASE KEEP IN MIND THE DIMENSIONS AND PIXELS OF THE OLED DISPLAY, ALWAYS PRIORITIZE READABILITY, MAKE SURE THAT NO TWO ELEMENTS OVERLAP, THAT EVERYTHING IS NEATLY LAID OUT. WE HAVE SCROLLING AND SELECTING CAPABILITIES BECAUSE OF THE POTENTIOMETER AND THE PUSH-BUTTON
14. ensure that the systems integrity is maintained in the Systematic Linear Code (parity check matrix), no kind of reverse-engineering of the ciphertext back to the plaintext (or vice-versa) should be possible by the use of these matrices
15. What's the theoretical maximum size of the messages that can be sent, as can be safely handled and accommodated by the ESP32's hardware, flash storage etc. including all the buffers and overloads and overheads etc. Feel free to display/convey this information in some manner, like by showing some info of the form 2/200 etc or by not accepting any more values when the limit is reached and stopping that infinite scroll at the point etc. 

Be smart, especially about visual cues and depiction of data via the RGB and the OLED, refer to other top designers like Jony Ive's work on such visual and UI cues. also we need to add d2, d18, d23 support for the RGB LED's pin the code as well. Lock the hardware stack at esp32 (dual core, wifi+BT), 0.96 oled display, B10K rotary potentiometer, push button, push lock switch, RGB led and an accompanying resistor. 