INSPOs:

1. https://github.com/azme10/Secure-IoT-Communication-System-with-ESP32
2. https://github.com/Diniboy1123/usqueW

I would also request you to keep in mind the following
Give all loops a fixed upper bound. It must be trivially possible for a checking tool to prove statically that the loop cannot exceed a preset upper bound on the number of iterations. If a tool cannot prove the loop bound statically, the rule is considered violated.
Do not use dynamic memory allocation after initialization.
Go for a highly modular approach with classes/structs for all and their associated/encapsulated functions and objects, we want to write as little redundant code as possible, feel free to use greedy, backtracking, min-maxing, divide and conquer and dynamic programming to solve any encountered problems in the most efficient, simple, reliable and shortest code possible.
The code's assertions density should average to minimally two assertions per function. Assertions must be used to check for anomalous conditions that should never happen in real-life executions. Assertions must be side-effect free and should be defined as Boolean tests. When an assertion fails, an explicit recovery action must be taken such as returning an error condition to the caller of the function that executes the failing assertion. Any assertion for which a static checking tool can prove that it can never fail or never hold violates this rule.
Declare all data objects at the smallest possible level of scope.
Each calling function must check the return value of nonvoid functions, and each called function must check the validity of all parameters provided by the caller.
Use preprocessor directives as and when needed in order to obtain high performance and low execution overheads. Token pasting, variable argument lists (ellipses), and recursive macro calls are may be used but has to be safe. Macros must expand into complete syntactic units. The use of conditional compilation directives must be kept to a minimum.
All code must be compiled, from the first day of development, with all compiler warnings enabled at the most pedantic setting available. All code must compile without warnings. All code must also be checked daily with at least one, but preferably more than one, strong static source code analyzer and should pass all analyses with zero warnings.

The code should be memory safe and should be made in mind with being resistant to the following kinds of attacks:
1. Cryptanalytic attacks
2. Differential cryptanalysis
3. Linear cryptanalysis
4. Meet-in-the-middle attack
5. Algebraic attacks
6. Side-Channel Attacks
7. Cache attacks
8. Rowhammer attacks
9. Padding oracle attacks
10. Chose plaintext/ciphertext attacks
11. Buffer overflows / memory corruption
12. Random number generator failures
13. Key reuse / nonce reuse
14. poor key management, especially in the case of multiple keys being used
15. man in the middle attack

take these as a set of parameters to roughly benchmark/ check against